reference: globally review PD metrics (#1527)
pingcap/docs: v3.0/reference/key-monitoring-metrics/pd-dashboard.md

# Key Monitoring Metrics of PD

> If you use Ansible to deploy the TiDB cluster, the monitoring system is deployed at the same time. For more information, see [Overview of the Monitoring Framework](/dev/how-to/monitor/overview.md).

Author: ```suggestion
If you use Ansible to deploy the TiDB cluster, the monitoring system is deployed at the same time. For more information, see [Overview of the Monitoring Framework](/v3.0/how-to/monitor/overview.md).
```
